#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   container-inspector
    #   debian-inspector
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
    #   typecode
banal==1.0.6
    # via normality
beartype==0.19.0
    # via spdx-tools
beautifulsoup4[chardet]==4.12.3
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via typecode
boolean-py==4.0
    # via
    #   license-expression
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   binaryornot
    #   debian-inspector
    #   normality
    #   requests
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   normality
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   commoncode
    #   container-inspector
    #   plugincode
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
    #   spdx-tools
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
commoncode==32.0.0
    # via
    #   container-inspector
    #   plugincode
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
    #   typecode
container-inspector==33.0.0
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via pdfminer-six
debian-inspector==31.1.0
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
dockerfile-parse==2.0.1
    # via container-inspector
dparse2==0.7.0
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
faker==30.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faker-file
faker-file==0.17.13
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi[all]==0.115.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli[standard]==0.0.5
    # via fastapi
fasteners==0.19
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
fingerprints==1.2.3
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
gemfileparser2==0.9.4
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
html5lib==1.1
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via fastapi
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
intbitset==4.0.0
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
javaproperties==0.8.1
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
jsonstreams==0.6.0
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
license-expression==30.4.0
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
    #   spdx-tools
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   pymaven-patch
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via jaraco-functools
normality==2.5.0
    # via fingerprints
orjson==3.10.11
    # via fastapi
packageurl-python==0.16.0
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   pip-requirements-parser
    #   pytest
packvers==21.5
    # via
    #   dparse2
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
parameter-expansion-patched==0.3.1
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
pdfminer-six==20240706
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
    #   typecode
pefile==2024.8.26
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
pip-requirements-parser==32.0.1
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
pkginfo2==30.0.0
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   plugincode
    #   pytest
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
plugincode==32.0.0
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
    #   typecode
ply==3.11
    # via spdx-tools
publicsuffix2==2.20191221
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
    #   urlpy
pyahocorasick==2.1.0
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.10.0
    # via fastapi
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via fastapi
pygmars==0.9.0
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   rich
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
pymaven-patch==0.3.2
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   packvers
    #   pip-requirements-parser
    #   rdflib
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via faker
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.17
    # via fastapi
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   dparse2
    #   fastapi
    #   saneyaml
    #   spdx-tools
    #   uvicorn
rdflib==7.1.1
    # via spdx-tools
requests[use-chardet-on-py3]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   pymaven-patch
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
saneyaml==0.6.1
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
scancode-toolkit-mini==32.3.0 ; platform_machine == "arm64"
    # via -r requirements.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via spdx-tools
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   jsonstreams
    #   pymaven-patch
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
spdx-tools==0.8.2
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
starlette==0.38.6
    # via fastapi
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   normality
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   dparse2
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
typecode==30.0.2
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
typer==0.13.0
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   typer
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
uritools==4.0.3
    # via spdx-tools
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
urlpy==0.5
    # via scancode-toolkit-mini
uvicorn[standard]==0.32.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via ftfy
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
websockets==14.0
    # via uvicorn
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit-mini
    #   spdx-tools
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
