#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   container-inspector
    #   debian-inspector
    #   extractcode
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   typecode
banal==1.0.6
    # via normality
beartype==0.18.5
    # via spdx-tools
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   scancode-toolkit
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via typecode
boolean-py==4.0
    # via
    #   license-expression
    #   scancode-toolkit
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   binaryornot
    #   debian-inspector
    #   normality
    #   scancode-toolkit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   normality
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   commoncode
    #   container-inspector
    #   plugincode
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   spdx-tools
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via scancode-toolkit
commoncode==31.2.1
    # via
    #   container-inspector
    #   extractcode
    #   plugincode
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   typecode
container-inspector==33.0.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via pdfminer-six
debian-inspector==31.1.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
dockerfile-parse==2.0.1
    # via container-inspector
dparse2==0.7.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
extractcode[full]==31.0.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
extractcode-7z==16.5.210531
    # via extractcode
extractcode-libarchive==3.5.1.210531
    # via extractcode
faker==26.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faker-file
faker-file==0.17.11
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi[all]==0.109.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fasteners==0.19
    # via scancode-toolkit
fingerprints==1.2.3
    # via scancode-toolkit
ftfy==6.2.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
gemfileparser2==0.9.3
    # via scancode-toolkit
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
html5lib==1.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.0.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
intbitset==3.1.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
isodate==0.6.1
    # via rdflib
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
jaraco-functools==4.0.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
javaproperties==0.8.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   scancode-toolkit
jsonstreams==0.6.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
license-expression==30.3.0
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   spdx-tools
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   pymaven-patch
    #   scancode-toolkit
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   scancode-toolkit
more-itertools==10.3.0
    # via jaraco-functools
normality==2.5.0
    # via fingerprints
orjson==3.10.6
    # via fastapi
packageurl-python==0.15.4
    # via scancode-toolkit
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   pip-requirements-parser
    #   pytest
packvers==21.5
    # via
    #   dparse2
    #   scancode-toolkit
parameter-expansion-patched==0.3.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
pdfminer-six==20240706
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   typecode
pefile==2023.2.7
    # via scancode-toolkit
pip-requirements-parser==32.0.1
    # via scancode-toolkit
pkginfo2==30.0.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   plugincode
    #   pytest
    #   scancode-toolkit
plugincode==32.0.0
    # via
    #   extractcode
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   typecode
ply==3.11
    # via spdx-tools
publicsuffix2==2.20191221
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   urlpy
pyahocorasick==2.1.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.9.0
    # via fastapi
pydantic-settings==2.3.4
    # via fastapi
pygmars==0.8.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via scancode-toolkit
pymaven-patch==0.3.2
    # via scancode-toolkit
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   packvers
    #   pip-requirements-parser
    #   rdflib
pytest==8.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==0.23.8
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via faker
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   dparse2
    #   fastapi
    #   saneyaml
    #   spdx-tools
    #   uvicorn
rdflib==7.0.0
    # via spdx-tools
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   pymaven-patch
    #   scancode-toolkit
saneyaml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   scancode-toolkit
scancode-toolkit==32.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via spdx-tools
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   extractcode
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   jsonstreams
    #   pymaven-patch
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
spdx-tools==0.8.2
    # via scancode-toolkit
starlette==0.36.3
    # via fastapi
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   commoncode
    #   normality
    #   scancode-toolkit
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   dparse2
    #   scancode-toolkit
typecode[full]==30.0.1
    # via
    #   extractcode
    #   scancode-toolkit
typecode-libmagic==5.39.210531
    # via typecode
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
uritools==4.0.3
    # via spdx-tools
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
urlpy==0.5
    # via scancode-toolkit
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.3
    # via fastapi
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via ftfy
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via
    #   scancode-toolkit
    #   spdx-tools
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata
